Update the `README.md` to guide users better (#2470)
AxonFramework/AxonFramework: README.md

# Axon Framework
[![Maven Central](https://maven-badges.herokuapp.com/maven-central/org.axonframework/axon/badge.svg)](https://maven-badges.herokuapp.com/maven-central/org.axonframework/axon)
![Build Status](https://github.com/AxonFramework/AxonFramework/workflows/Axon%20Framework/badge.svg?branch=master)
[![SonarCloud Status](https://sonarcloud.io/api/project_badges/measure?project=AxonFramework_AxonFramework&metric=alert_status)](https://sonarcloud.io/dashboard?id=AxonFramework_AxonFramework)

[Axon Framework](https://developer.axoniq.io/axon-framework/overview) is a framework for building evolutionary, event-driven microservice systems based on the principles of Domain-Driven Design (DDD), Command-Query Responsibility Separation (CQRS), and Event Sourcing.

> To that end, it provides you with the necessary building blocks to follow these principles.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Axon Framework provides you with the necessary building blocks to follow these principles.
```

Examples of building blocks are aggregate design handles, aggregate repositories, command buses, saga design handles, event stores, query buses, and more.
The framework provides sensible defaults for all of these components out of the box.

The messaging support for commands, events, and queries is at the core of these building blocks. 
It is the messaging basics that enable an evolutionary approach towards microservices through the [location transparency](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Location_transparency) they provide.

> Axon will also help you in distributing your application to support scalability or fault tolerance, for example.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Axon will also assist in distributing applications to support scalability or fault tolerance, for example.
```

> The most accessible and quick road forward would be to use [Axon Server](https://developer.axoniq.io/axon-server/overview) to seamlessly adjust your message buses to distributed implementations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The most accessible and quick road forward would be to use [Axon Server](https://developer.axoniq.io/axon-server/overview) to seamlessly adjust message buses to distributed implementations.
```

Axon Server provides a distributed command bus, event bus, query bus, and an efficient event store implementation for scalable event sourcing.

> Next to Axon Server, the [Axon Framework organization](https://github.com/AxonFramework) has several extensions that can help in this space too.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, the [Axon Framework organization](https://github.com/AxonFramework) has several extensions that can help in this space.
```

> The accumulation of all this helps you to create a well-structured application without being bothered with the infrastructure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All this helps to create a well-structured application without worrying about the infrastructure.
```

Hence, your focus can shift from non-functional requirements to your business functionality.

For more information on anything Axon, please visit our website, [http://axoniq.io](http://axoniq.io).

## Getting started

> Numerous resources may help you on your journey using Axon Framework.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Numerous resources can help you on your journey in using Axon Framework.
```

> A good starting point is [AxonIQ Developer Portal](https://developer.axoniq.io/), which provides links to sources like blogs, videos, and descriptions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A good starting point is [AxonIQ Developer Portal](https://developer.axoniq.io/), which provides links to resources like blogs, videos, and descriptions.
```

> For clarity, here are several helpful resources too:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Furthermore, below are several other helpful resources:
```

* The [quickstart page](https://docs.axoniq.io/reference-guide/getting-started/quick-start) of the documentation provides a simplified entry point into the framework with the [quickstart project](https://download.axoniq.io/quickstart/AxonQuickStart.zip).
* We have our very own [academy](https://academy.axoniq.io/)! 

>   The introductory courses are free to follow, with more in-depth courses available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The introductory courses are free, followed by more in-depth (paid) courses.
```

> * After this, you can quickstart your very own application at https://start.axoniq.io/. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* When ready, you can quickly and easily start your very own Axon Framework based application at https://start.axoniq.io/. 
```

>   Note that this solution is only feasible if you want to stick to the Spring ecosphere!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Note that this solution is only feasible if you want to stick to the Spring ecosphere.
```

* The [reference guide](https://docs.axoniq.io) explains all of the components maintained within Axon Framework's products.

> * If the guide doesn't help, our [forum](https://discuss.axoniq.io/) provides a space to ask questions you have during development.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If the guide doesn't help, our [forum](https://discuss.axoniq.io/) provides a place to ask questions you have during development.
```

* The [hotel demo](https://github.com/AxonIQ/hotel-demo) shows a fleshed-out example of using Axon Framework.
* The [code samples repository](https://github.com/AxonIQ/code-samples) contains more in-depth samples you can benefit from.

## Receiving help

Are you having trouble using any of our libraries or products?
Know that we want to help you out the best we can!
There are a couple of things to consider when you're traversing anything Axon:

* Checking the [reference guide](https://docs.axoniq.io) should be your first stop.

> * When the reference guide does not cover your predicament, we would greatly appreciate it if you could file an [issue](https://github.com/AxonIQ/reference-guide/issues) about it for us.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* When the reference guide does not cover your predicament, we would greatly appreciate it if you could file an [issue](https://github.com/AxonIQ/reference-guide/issues) for it.
```

* Our [forum](https://discuss.axoniq.io/) provides a space to communicate with the Axon community to help you out. 
  AxonIQ developers will help you out on a best-effort basis. 

>   And if you know how to help someone else, know that your contributions are very much appreciated!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  And if you know how to help someone else, we greatly appreciate your contributions!
```

* We also monitor Stack Overflow for any question tagged with [**axon**](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/axon). 
  Similarly to the forum, AxonIQ developers help out on a best-effort basis.

## Feature requests and issue reporting

We use GitHub's [issue tracking system](https://github.com/AxonFramework/AxonFramework/issues)) for new feature requests, framework enhancements, and bugs.
Before filing an issue, please verify that it's not already reported by someone else. 
Furthermore, make sure you are adding the issue to the correct repository!

When filing bugs:

> * A description of your setup and what's happening helps us to figure out what the issue might be.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* A description of your setup and what's happening helps us figure out what the issue might be.
```

> * Do not forget to provide the versions of Axon's products you're using.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Do not forget to provide the versions of the Axon's products you're using.
```

> * Add the language and version of the language you're using.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* as well as the language and version.
```
I'd suggest combining this sentence with he previous one.

* If possible, share a stack trace. 
  Please use Markdown semantics by starting and ending the trace with three backticks (```).

When filing a feature or enhancement:
* Please provide a description of the feature or enhancement at hand. 
  Adding why you think this would be beneficial is also a great help to us.

> * (Pseudo-)Code snippets showing what it might look like help us understand your suggestion better.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* (Pseudo-)Code snippets showing what it might look like will help us understand your suggestion better.
```

  Similarly as with bugs, please use Markdown semantics for code snippets, starting and ending with three backticks (```).
* If you have any thoughts on where to plug this into the framework, that would be very helpful too.
* Lastly, we value contributions to the framework highly. 

>   So please provide a Pull Request as well if you can!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  So please provide a Pull Request as well!
```
